added info about handling web wallet (#388)
reown-com/reown-docs: walletkit/web/usage.mdx

import CloudBanner from "/snippets/cloud-banner.mdx";

## Overview

> WalletConnect makes distributing your Web wallet (such as Safe, Abstract Global Wallet, and Coinbase Smart Wallet) much faster. By integrating the WalletKit SDK, your web wallet will be able to connect to any dApp that supports WalletConnect and will be available in the list of wallets on both WalletConnect and Reown AppKit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WalletConnect makes distributing your Web wallet (such as Safe, Abstract Global Wallet, and many more) much faster. By integrating the WalletKit SDK, your web wallet will be able to connect to any dApp that supports WalletConnect and will be available in the list of wallets on both WalletConnect, Reown AppKit, and others.
```

A session is a connection between a dapp and a wallet. It is established when a user approves a session proposal from a dapp. A session is active until the user disconnects from the dapp or the session expires.

### Handling Session Proposals

You can connect your web wallet to a dApp in three ways:

1. Retrieve the WC URI from the dApp via query parameters
2. Implement a scanner to read the WC URI from a WalletConnect QR code
3. Allow users to manually enter the WC URI in an input field

> When opening the wallet directly from the dApp, the `WC_URI` will be in the following format in the query parameters:

Reviewer 2: Also need to add a similar paragraph about session requests. The UR for session requests is `{YOUR_WALLET_URL}/wc?requestId={requestId}&sessionTopic={session.Topic}`

```
{YOUR_WALLET_URL}/wc?uri={WC_URI}
```

> We recommend closing the web wallet tab after the user approves the request and redirecting back to the dApp. For web requests, redirect to the original browser tab, and for mobile requests, redirect to the native mobile dApp.

Reviewer 2: Explain how to redirect to the native app?

Reviewer 3: Added

<Info>

> To test your web wallet connection flow, use our [Appkit Laboratory](https://appkit-lab.reown.com/) by adding a custom wallet with your web wallet URL. 

Reviewer 3: @vrajdesai78 can we add the steps that one needs to take to add a custom wallet to AppKit lab. I know it is very straight forward but this isn't always obvious to lot of our customers.
